feat: adds new SSR intro (#3332)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/server-side-rendering.mdx

import PackageManagerTabs from '~/components/tabs/PackageManagerTabs.astro'
import Since from '~/components/Since.astro';

Server-side rendering (SSR) refers to generating HTML pages on the server and sending them to the client, e.g., a web browser. 

You may consider enabling server-side rendering in your Astro project if you need the following:

- **Using API endpoints**: SSR enables you to create specific pages that function as API endpoints for tasks like database access, authentication, and verification while keeping sensitive data hidden from the client.  

> - **Creating protected pages**: If you need to restrict access to a page based on user privileges, you can enable SSR to handle user access on the server.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Creating protected pages**: If you need to restrict access to a page based on user privileges, you can enable SSR to handle user access on the server.
```

> - **Frequently changing content**: if a page's content changes frequently, such as through a content management system, enabling SSR can generate these pages without requiring a static rebuild every time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Frequently changing content**: If the content of a page undergoes frequent changes, such as when using a content management system, the use of SSR allows for the generation of these pages without the need for a static rebuild.
```

## Enabling SSR in Your Project

> **Server-side Rendering**, aka SSR, can be enabled in Astro. When you enable SSR you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Server-side Rendering**, can be enabled in Astro. When you enable SSR you can:
```

Do we still need to address 'aka SSR' here, since its now explained on line 8?

import PackageManagerTabs from '~/components/tabs/PackageManagerTabs.astro'
import Since from '~/components/Since.astro';

Server-side rendering (SSR) refers to generating HTML pages on the server and sending them to the client, e.g., a web browser.

You may consider enabling server-side rendering in your Astro project if you need the following:

- **Using API endpoints**: SSR enables you to create specific pages that function as API endpoints for tasks like database access, authentication, and authorization while keeping sensitive data hidden from the client.

- **Creating protected pages**: If you need to restrict access to a page based on user privileges, you can enable SSR to handle user access on the server.

> - **Frequently changing content**: if a page's content changes frequently, such as through a content management system, enabling SSR can generate these pages without requiring a static rebuild every time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Frequently changing content**: Enabling SSR lets you generate individual pages without requiring a static rebuild of your site. This is useful when the content of a page updates frequently.
```
